{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12500\viewh13920\viewkind1\viewscale100
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 10 January 2005\
\
Paul Oakes\
c/o Tinker's Guild Tavern\
78 Franklin St.\
Auburn, NY \
\
Paul:\
\
Thanks again for spending time with me on the 30th last, and filling me in on your sailboat, Weesail II. I've spent a great deal of time mulling over in my mind the repairs required to her, and trying to make sure that I am capable of taking good care of her for many years to come - she's unique boat in many ways.\
\
I fairly certain that the cosmetics are items I can handle: her brightwork, re-painting the hull, generally cleaning her up. My concerns are the small damage to the hull where the prop emerges. While the damage seems minor, I'm puzzled as to how it happened. It's obviously not a grounding of any kind. I was wondering if it could have happened when someone was looking at it at some point, if they had it in the water and while running the engine, didn't let her idle long enough between a forward/reverse transition. Naturally, I'm worried there could be water damage behind those cracks, beyond what a relatively simple epoxy repair might correct.\
\
I am prepared to offer you $13,500.00 for her As Is. I'm also willing to re-imburse you $75 for the trailer registration in NY State for 2005. Since I do not have a marina spot for her yet, I'll need to have her here at my home to perform the work required to get her back to bristol-fashion. \
So, I'd also like to re-imburse you for a delivery trip from Auburn to Wilmington, Delaware. I'd pay about fifty cents a mile for delivery, the round trip being about 590 miles, being a payment of $300.00 for your gas and oil.  I'll also arrange for and pay for a motel room near my home, so you can stay over night whenever delivery can be arranged at your convienence. This would be then, an offer of $13,875.00 in cashier's check or a wire transfer to your account. I'd handle the motel room at this end myself.\
\
Please feel free to either call me at 302 379 5688 or email at kris@youngers.org to discuss this. \
\
Sincerely Yours,\
\
Kristofer Younger\
113 Mitchell Road\
Hockessin, DE 19707}